# A-brief-introduction-to-Kugou
Here I want to introduce  a music software called Kugou to you. It's an application designed to search for and listen to music and radio online, watch music video , record music online and sing karaoke online. Meanwhile, there are other functions including recommending music and lists of music on any stage of level, phone rings making,transforming file format and so on. In addition to the above, it establishes good relationships with many famous corporations and organizations at home and abroad, such as Yahoo, Sina, eBay, BENQ, Rolling Stone, R2G etc. Thus it services a huge number of resources of  music for us, which is one of the important reasons for using it.I have to say that it is an excellent application, but I still have a few personal suggestions for better-performing of Kugou. First of all, it is necessary to unify type of title of music. For instance, some titles are formed by singer-song, while the others are formed by song-singer. Most songs are listed by their initial. When you want to find a song, but you don’t know its initial, and you don’t know it is singer-song or song-singer. That could make you much confusing. And if you are just in a harry, you might be in trouble.Second, Kugou has an unique advantage that it recommends music according songs that you already stored in your phone. But here's a problem. Some songs you've forgotten for centuries on your list, but they're still viewed as norms of style that you like now. In my opinion, it should remember every frequency of song an user is listening to at that time. So just on the basis of songs that are played frequently during that period.Third, although thousands of lists are recommended by net friends or ranking lists, there are at least fifty songs in their lists generally, such a large quantity; many users hope that some popular radio anchors and well-known musicians make a list. This list doesn't have to cover lots of songs, but it should be in high quality.And at last, it is better to add a brief introduction of songs and of singers. We should not only focus on songs, but pieces of short information about this production.For years I've been listening to music on Kugou, though, there are a few flaws in it. There are defects I think could be made up followed. The first point is, in its interface, you couldn’t find a break key, but a pause button. Some people explain that they couldn’t log on Kugou by their third ID. So they have many songs stored at other apps don’t permitted to play on Kugou. And the last thing is you can’t press either fast-forward or rewind when you lock your screen. Sometimes you just have to listen to a song from the beginning when you only want a short section of it.As for the requirement unsatisfying me, maybe I don't have all the lyrics of songs I have stored, especially English songs. It does be a big enough private library of songs, but not all lyrics included. That’s could be a pity.Anyway, it wins high public praise. Its nearly perfect humanized design still catches my loyalty definitely. 
